---
layout: post
title: Torify An Existing Website With Tor+Nginx 
---

In light of recent legal changes, now seems to be a good time to learn how to craft a hidden service to protect the visitors to this blog. This is just a blog with nothing too scandalous, but protecting your users is always important. A technique like this would be relevant for many sites. 

If you are doing this for real, host the Tor node wherever you are comfortable. Close to your real site (In terms of latency) would be ideal. I have chosen an Ubuntu server as the base. Other options like Debian or CentOS would also work well. I assume your server is installed and that you have ssh access. 

## Step One: Update Everything

```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade
```

You may need to throw a dist-upgrade in there as well if your kernel is held back. Updates are the easiest way to avoid vulnerabilities so for a production system, do not skip this step. 

## Step 2: Install Tor and Nginx

```
sudo apt install tor nginx
```

## Step 3: Configure Nginx

To help harden the hidden service add the line 

```
server_tokens off;
```

to /etc/nginx.conf inside of the http block. This will make it harder for automated scans (Nmap etc) to identify server and OS version. The rest of the default options can be left unless you want bells and whistles. 

Open  up /etc/nginx/sites-available/default and replace the contents with 

```
server {
            listen       127.0.0.1:8080;
            server_name  localhost;

            location / {
                proxy_pass https://dioberne.github.io/;
            }
       }
```

Except replace this site with your own. You can then test the configuration files using 

```
sudo nginx -t
```

Its error output is much better than when Nginx fails to load, so test the configuration files before reloading with 

```
sudo service nginx restart
```

If you have a GUI, or better yet know how to forward ports via SSH, you can test the proxy by browsing to  127.0.0.1:8080. If you see your site, then it worked!

## Step 3: Configure Tor

Edit /etc/tor/torrc, go to the middle and uncomment the lines for HiddenServiceDir and HiddenServicePort. Change the server port from 80 to 8080. The end result should be 


```
HiddenServiceDir /var/lib/tor/hidden_service
HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:8080
```

Now we can restart tor using 

```
sudo service tor restart
```

## Step 4: Test your new Hidden Service

The command

```
sudo cat /var/lib/tor/hidden_service/hostname
```

will tell you the name of your service. Pop it open in a copy of the Tor Browser Bundle (Or Tails) and check to see if everything is working. 

## Optional Step: Bells and Whistles

There are many performance tricks one could do with Nginx to speed this up. Which ones you want will depend on what site you are proxying. Nginx is a cool server with a lot of documentation. 

Another tweak one could make would be to set up a vanity .onion address. You can choose the first view characters of your site's address by brute force manipulation of the RSA key. There are several tools that do this but I haven't used any, so I can't make a recomendation.

## Bonus Round: i2p Eeepsite

i2p is a similar service to Tor. It focuses primarily on their own version of hidden services called "Eeepsites". 

Assuming you have an instance of i2p set up (Which is outside the scope of this post),  disable the Jetty instance by going to 127.0.0.1:7657/configclients and disabling the "I2P Webserver" (Or just move it to a different port or something). Perform a soft restart of the service (Be kind. The 11-minute wait is worth it). With Jetty out of the way, edit the Nginx configuration to listen on 127.0.0.1:7658. Boom, eepsite. You can then follow the default instructions on how to get susidns for the site set up. 
